          Can be fried. Do whatever I want
Can you?” He said angrily.

Chandrachududu will answer something
Inside, the minister said, “Maha
King! Ravana is evil, Duryo
Wealth is evil. Both of them are Gunagana
As Lanu Kavi has well said, Rama
He became a god. By a poet from India,
Dharmaraja's greatness is known to the world.
Also, how about women like Keechaku
Even to punish, he said.Also
Our householders, not only good, but also bad
As much as people praise them
Anna said with a hint that they would hate her
Except for the word, there is no malice in it
I feel!” He said.

Yes, the poet humbly nodded
The king calmed down.

After several years of this happening, one after another
Heavy rains for four or five years,
Due to lack of rain, there is a drought in the kingdom
Conditions are created. Loss in business
Due to circumstances, Tippaiah Setti
Sanna to migrate to a neighboring state
He went to the hall. At that time, the neighbor
Shakti is the king of Kalyanadesa which is the country
A lion, occupying Kanchanapura
He is trying to.This is the situation
Among them, King Kanchana Varma is nothing else
Minister determined to negotiate
On the advice of the courtiers Chandrachududi,
He sent an ambassador to Kalyandesa.

Chandamama 45

 

Shaktisinha, the king of Kalyanadesam, was a poet
Respectfully, “The ambassador should not be punished
Science says. We love your country,
We want to be included in our kingdom. కవిరాYa
Bariga, what do you think? You
Even if it is cursed, without invading our country

Don't let go!” said awkwardly.
Chandrachudu smiled and said, “Maharaja! i am
Yet without hearing my message, you
Veeralapala. We are in a vulnerable position
It is a fact. without bloodshed
We want to surrender.I heard your words;
Now Kanchanadesha's friend, names
Listen! A dog enters the house with the door open
If you squeeze you can choose! For now though
One day you will be beaten like a dog
Gyama Maharaja was a great patriot
He ruled us," he said.

February 2001
        